Updated notes for Log Analytics (#13539)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/mssql_database_extended_auditing_policy.html.markdown

* `storage_account_access_key_is_secondary` - (Optional) Is `storage_account_access_key` value the storage's secondary key?

> * `log_monitoring_enabled` - (Optional) Enable audit events to Azure Monitor? To enable audit events to Log Analytics, please refer to the example which can be found in [the `./examples/sql-azure/sql_auditing_log_analytics` directory within the Github Repository](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm/tree/main/examples/sql-azure/sql_auditing_log_analytics).  To enable server audit events to Log Analytics, please enable its master database audit events to Log Analytics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `log_monitoring_enabled` - (Optional) Enable audit events to Azure Monitor? 

~> **NOTE:** To enable sending audit events to Log Analytics, please refer to the example which can be found in [the `./examples/sql-azure/sql_auditing_log_analytics` directory within the Github Repository](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm/tree/main/examples/sql-azure/sql_auditing_log_analytics).  To enable sending server audit events to Log Analytics, please enable the master database to send audit events to Log Analytics.
```
